TOMORROW ON THE SOCIAL, THE
ACTOR KNOWN FOR STARRING IN
HUGE HITS LIKE THE OC AND NOW
CARDINAL, CAMPBELL.
>> WELCOME BACK EVERYBODY.
MAKE SURE YOU ENGAGE WITH US
NOW IN REAL-TIME ONLINE. WE
WANT TO SHARE SOME NEWS. EVERY
TIME WE HAVE SOMETHING WE ARE
PROUD OF WE LOVE TO SHARE IT
WITH YOU. OUR PRESIDENT OF
BROADCASTING RANDY LENNOX IS A
LEGEND IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY.
AND WILL BE HONOURED FOR HIS
CONTRIBUTIONS TO CANADA'S
MUSIC SCENE, IT WAS ANNOUNCED
EARLIER TODAY HE WILL PRESENT
THE MAC BE PRESENTED WITH THE
WALT GREALIS LIFETIME
ACHIEVEMENT AWARD. WE WANT TO
SEND IT HUGE CONGRATULATIONS. ().
SPEAKING OF THE JUNOS, THE
2017 JUNE WHAT HAPPEN SUNDAY,
APRIL TWO. AND YOU CAN WATCH IT
HERE ON CTV AND WE WILL KEEP
YOU POSTED ON MORE INFORMATION
ABOUT THE SHOW WILL STOP AT.
THE QUESTION EVERYONE IS
PONDERING THIS WEEKEND, IS
SHOULD REAL LIVE ANIMALS
APPEAR IN FILM AND TELEVISION
OR IS COMPUTER-GENERATED
IMAGERY, OR CGI, THE BETTER
OPTION? ACCORDING TO TMZ,
ANIMAL RIGHTS ACTIVISTS WILL
BE PICKETING MOVIE THEATRES
OVER THE FILM A DOG'S PURPOSE.
RECENTLY A VIDEO SURFACED OF
WHAT APPEARS TO BE A
FRIGHTENED GERMAN SHEPHERD
BEING FORCED INTO A POOL OF
RUSHING WATER DURING FILMING
OF THE MOVIE.
(BOOING)
SO THE PRODUCTION COMPANY
TOLD TMZ THEY DID NOT FORCE
THE DOG TO GO THROUGH WITH THE
STUNT. AND INSTEAD CALLED A
BREAK AND FILMED IT WHEN THE
DOG CALMED DOWN AND WAS OK
WITH IT. SO THIS IS A BIG
CONTROVERSY BECAUSE IT IS
AFFECTING THE FILM NOW. AS AN
ACTRESS, WHAT IS YOUR TAKE ON
IT?
>> INTERESTING WITH THE CGI
OPTION BECAUSE I SHOT A FILM
LAST SUMMER AND WE HAD TO HAVE
A SCENE WITH A BEAR. AND IT WAS
SUPPOSED TO SCARE US AND THE
DIRECTOR MET WITH VARIOUS
TRAINERS, AND IN THE END HE
DIDN'T TRUST THEM QUITE
ENOUGH. SO BASICALLY IT WAS
CGIED. I FEEL IT IS TRUE
SOMETIMES ON SET THAT THERE IS
A FEELING BECAUSE WE ARE
FILMING FICTION WE CAN PUSH
THE LIMITS. IT IS AS IF WE
WERE NOT SHOOTING REALITY. AND
ME, AS A CHILD ACTOR, WE ARE.